Replace deployment logs section with build logs (#1473)
zeit/docs: components/references-mdx/api/v2/endpoints/logs.mdx

## Logs

### Get Build Logs

<Endpoint method="GET" url="/v2/now/deployments/:id/events" />

Get the build logs of a deployment by deployment ID and build ID.

#### Request Parameters

| Key           | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types" hasIcon>Type</HelpLink> | Description                                                                      |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **name**      | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | Deployment build ID                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **name**      | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | Deployment build ID.                                                              |
```

> | **limit**     | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Number</HelpLink>       | Maximum event count to return. `-1` to return all available logs                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **limit**     | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Number</HelpLink>       | Maximum number of events to return. Provide `-1` to return all available logs.                 |
```

> | **types**     | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">List</HelpLink>         | The type of log. The type could be `request`, `response`, `command` or `stdout`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **types**     | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">List</HelpLink>         | The type of log; either: `request`, `response`, `command` or `stdout`. |
```

> | **since**     | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Number</HelpLink>       | Beginning timestamp for build logs                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **since**     | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Number</HelpLink>       | Timestamp for when build logs should be pulled from.                                               |
```

> | **until**     | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Number</HelpLink>       | Ending timestamp for build logs                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **until**     | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Number</HelpLink>       | Timestamp for when the build logs should be pulled up until.                                                  |
```

> | **direction** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Enum</HelpLink>         | Direction in which logs would be rerturned. Can be `backward` or `forward`       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **direction** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Enum</HelpLink>         | Direction in which logs would be returned. Either `backward` or `forward`.       |
```

| **types**     | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">List</HelpLink>         | The type of log; either: `request`, `response`, `command` or `stdout`.                                                                                                                                              |
| **since**     | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Number</HelpLink>       | Timestamp for when build logs should be pulled from.                                                                                                                                                                |
| **until**     | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Number</HelpLink>       | Timestamp for when the build logs should be pulled up until.                                                                                                                                                        |
| **direction** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Enum</HelpLink>         | Direction in which logs would be returned. Either `backward` or `forward`.                                                                                                                                          |

> | **follow**    | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Number</HelpLink>       | When `follow` is set to `1`, the API will return an HTTP stream similar to [Serverless Function Logs](#endpoints/logs/stream-serverless-function-logs), which allows you to see realtime feedback on build progress |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **follow**    | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Number</HelpLink>       | When `follow` is set to `1`, the API will return an HTTP stream similar to [Serverless Function Logs](#endpoints/logs/stream-serverless-function-logs), which allows you to see realtime feedback on build progress. |
```
